foreign
[Music]
do you have a minute I'd like to talk to
you about something I'm I'm really
uncomfortable talking about sure
about uh you showering with your mom
actually we had a topic in
[Laughter]
I'm I'm kind of going
through a dry spell
sex wise oh for like months five to be
lying six
six months wow that's rough please help
me I have a date tonight it has to go
well okay I'm scared for my health okay
okay
oh oh I got something okay it's the
story that I came up with very romantic
I swear any woman that hears it they're
like putty really well then tell it to
me okay
now you're going to want to have sex
with me when you hear it but
you have to remember it is just the
story
I'll try to control myself
okay
years ago when I was backpacking across
Western Europe you were backpacking
across Western Europe have a nice six
more months
I'm sorry please please you were in
Western Europe and
I was just outside of Barcelona hiking
in the foothills of Mount tibidabo
I was at the end of this path and I came
to a clearing and there was a lake very
secluded and there were tall trees all
around
it was dead silent gorgeous
and across the lake I saw
a beautiful woman bathing herself
she was crying
why
oh
this is great wine
it's from France
in Europe
Western Europe
you know um a few years ago
actually I was backpacking across
Western Europe really wait it gets
better
um yeah I was in um Barcelona I studied
for a year in Barcelona
I was hiking I love hiking oh that's
great
I was hiking along the foothills of a
mount to bodebo I think it's to bed okay
do you want to tell the story
foreign
what are you doing here how'd your date
go great I'm across the street having
sex with her right now
your story sucks hey look if it didn't
work it's because you didn't tell it
right
show me how you did it no no I don't I
don't want to how long since I've seen a
girl naked I was backpacking
across Western Europe I'm not feeling it
I was just outside of Barcelona hiking
no no Ross I'm not hot are you hot it's
been six months I'm always hot
well you're not selling the story it's
like it's like you don't believe it
look I gotta go I got a date but try
this
do what I do when I'm preparing for an
audition okay I'll set you up with my
video camera and you can record yourself
and and see what you're doing wrong I'll
try that
all right now all right you're all set
up you're good to go just hit record all
right good luck thanks and then Hey Joe
listen if you ever have any problem with
the ladies you know I'll help you out
that means a lot to me man
foreign
[Music]